[Autogenerated] So now let's look at the solution.
I'm starting with a very simple A s p dot net core application,
which is in a p I.
So there's no front end because I've already created it.
And remember, this is in the before solution of the downloads for this module.
I do want to give you a quick overview of what's in here and because the
focus of this module will be about interacting with artists,
database and publishing to AWS, the A P I named Net Core A.
P.
I is very simplistic.
There are two business classes to work with, and they are author and book.
These classes have no business logic in them.
Just a few properties.
Author has a key property author I d.
A strength for the author name and a collection of book objects.
The book type also has a key book I D and End,
to represent the author I D and a string for the title,
and that's the entire domain.
I'm using Entity Framework ore to manage the data persistence and again,
if you're not familiar with the F core, I did point to my e,
of course, getting started course already.
You can just follow along here and trust that it will do its job of acting as
the go between between my application and the database.
The book context class is the E f core DB context
that will manage the persistence,
and I've defined a DB set for the authors and a DB set for the books.
That way I could write queries against authors or books,
and F Core will execute the correct ______ in the database for me.
And when I ask it to save data through these DB sets,
it will be able to push the data into the database.
I'm also using a feature of F core that lets me add some
seed data by way of F course migrations.
I hope you'll take a look at these important books by women I greatly admire.
Okay.
One of them, Kesha Williams, isn't a book author,
but she's a fellow chloral side author,
and she's got a slew of great courses right here on plural site.
The APP also needs to know about the database.
I've already included the E F core sequel server provider
package in the Projects CS Project File.
So my apple know about F core and about interacting with
sequel server sp dot net Core makes it easy.
Tow.
Wire up the book context to the database by providing a service
that you can configure in the startup class.
At the moment, my application is using a sequel server,
local DB instance on my computer,
and I don't need to provide credentials for that.
It's connection Strength.
Named Books Connection is to find an upsetting start Jason and
then retrieved in the startup configuration.
When we switch to the RTs database.
Instance will deal with the user name and password
credentials that that database needs.
I let f core migrations create a migration file based on
the model and the code of the sea data.
And I've already manually run the F Core Migration Command to create the
development database for me on my machine in local Deby.
Because I'm in visual studio,
I used E of course Power Shell Command Update Dash database,
which recognize that the database didn't exist yet,
so created it for me and then generated and ran sequel script based on
the migration file that allowed it to create the tables and insert the
seed data and it's always nice to verify by checking the local book
database in Sequel Server Object Explorer.
And there's the Author Table and my C data for the authors
and the book stable with its See data.
Finally, we'll look at the A P Eyes Authors Controller class.
This has some basic rest methods originally generated
by the A s p dot net core tooling, and I made on Lee to tweaks,
which is in the get rest methods to return books along with the authors
and that's done with the include method in the queries.
There are also modification methods all generated by the tooling.
I also want to point out that I created the project using the A s
p dot net core AP I template which by default ads in this weather
forecast class and a controller which returns randomly generated
weather forecast data.
And none of that depends on the database.
So I've left those classes in there for testing purposes.
I really like to do that when I'm starting out with a database dependent
controller such as my authors controller is something fails.
When I'm interacting with my controller,
I can just check to see if the simpler controller that has
no dependency on the database is working.
And if it ISS that tells me that the a P I itself is okay and that the problem
is somewhere between my custom controller and the database,
so it narrows the scope of what I have to check.
The project Template also adds visual studio launch settings.
I've modified that so that when we run or debug the app from visual studio,
it will start with the author's controller and,
as always, by default, it will trigger the plane,
get Rest Command,
which now queries for all of the authors and their
books and returns those results.
I'll go ahead and run the application.
My browser opens to the default girl and here the authors and
their books coming from my local database.
Now I'll insert a new author and book using Postman.
I've set this request to be a post,
and I'm sending a little Jason document with April Speight
and her book that's coming out soon.
Bite sized python and introduction to python programming.
I'll send the request and then I can scroll down to see the response,
and here you can see the new I DS that were created by the database.
Now, when you refresh the browser to show the authors and books,
there's April and her book at the bottom of the list.
So we know that F Core is doing its job of reading from and
posting to the database and that my controller is communicating
the correct logic for those tasks. So everything's working as expected, and we can move on to the RTs database.